Wiki Reorg: Unify Ledger pages (#4941)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/ledger.md

---
id: ledger
title: Using the Polkadot & Kusama Ledger Applications
sidebar_label: Ledger

> description: How to use the Polkadot application on Ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to use the Polkadot and Kusama applications on Ledger.
```
